Fix loading global cfgs (#312)
taverntesting/tavern: docs/source/basics.md

extra_cfg = {
    "variables": {
        "key_1": "value",
        "key_2": 123,
    }
}

success = run("test_server.tavern.yaml", extra_cfg)
```

> An absolutel filename to a configuration file can also be passed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An absolute filepath to a configuration file can also be passed.
```

Not relative?
